Be honest
Who are you?
Hungry?
Bah, the little girl has quite a backbone
Since you have so much backbone, don't eat today's meal
Who sent you?
Huzi, don't sleep
He Xiaoni is watching me closely
Give him food when he's hungry
I'll go to Tao Zi's later.
Come drink water
Hey, you're a tough girl
If you weren't worth 50 million
I won't bring you tea and water
Boy, let me do it
Take it to buy cigarettes
Haha, okay.
Then you still can't believe me, hahaha.
Su Wanqing, you don't have to rush to doubt
Omori told me, stop pretending
I have to admit.
Your tactics are really clever
But you still don't want to talk about it.
Although I don't know what medicine you sell in the gourd
But time is running out.
Su Wanqing, you
Okay, Omori is waiting for you at the alley
Su Wanqing, just wait for jail